Credits in the Mod Discord:
https://discord.gg/nvEwvB8CZA

Boss summon stuff:
1. The Behemoth spawns in the desert randomly after beating WoF
2. Icerus is summoned by Frozen Moral which is made from 10 blocks of ice and can only be summoned after WoF. It is crafted using a demon alter.
3. Emberwing is summoned by Ember Pact which is made from 1 granite shard, 10 hellstone bars, 25 obsidian, 1 fireblossom, and 25 ash blocks. It is crafted using a demon alter.

This Mod is on beta and is not fully yet done. (There is some placeholder stuff and more to add)
On version v0.6... We should all expect it to be ready for playthroughs.
Also bugs and suggestions would be really helpful!

Tenebrous Mod is a spaced themed mod that adds more combat, more bosses, more enemies, more buffs, more accessories, more armor, more weapons, and makes Terraria harder.

Tenebrous Mod's world named Sagani was a perfect place with no doubts or bad judgements. 
Everything was perfect till Sinorus's jealousy got out of hand.
Keep in mind, Sinorus is Virlina's brother.
Virlina is one who keeps everything good and spreads peace around Sagani.
Virlina wasn't nearly as harsh as her brother Sinorus who had some mental issues.
Sinorus has a short temper and a huge ego one that can result in deadly results.
Sinorus thinks Virlina is not fit for a king nor queen because of her kind and soft personality.
Sinorus then wants to have ownership to all the enemies and make them his slaves.
The enemies said no and which resulted them to be tortured, terrorized, and enslaved.
They are now forced to destroy the player and to end peaceness forever for his great self centered being.
Then the corruption/crimson are made for spreading evil around the world.
Virlina can't do this all alone and will need help on this.
This is where you will come in and stop Sinorus's tyranny.

There will be more content added for the story later on in the mod... Not all the lore will be publically released at first.

Content:
3 Boss(s)
2 Enemie(s)
1 Critter(s)
6 Buff(s)
13 Tile(s)
88 item(s)

Localization:
English Only